[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
slasher film stay alive
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
one night a nerdy guy is staring at the
screen of his computer
focusing on a video game he is a senior
video game player
a tester for new games as requested by
the game developer
he starts to test a new game called stay
alive before its official launch to the
market
however he feels terrified after testing
as if something has been haunting him
he's even awakened by nightmares
in which the red dress countess from the
game is charging at him
one night in a daze he opens the door of
his parents bedroom
and is astonished to find all his
friends died there which is exactly the
same as what has happened in the game
he rushes downstairs in no time however
a chain comes out of nowhere and hangs
him to death
the same as all the happenings in the
game his friend hodge learns about his
death very soon
he attends the nerdy guy's funeral in
great sorrow
and runs into the sister of the nerdy
guy who gives him a bag filled with a
video game stay alive
that night hodge hangs out with friends
in a bar
trying to grab some drink to ease his
stress
during the meeting the bartender girl
notices the game from the bag
hodge tells her that it's a brand new
game that hasn't been released yet
after learning that the nerdy guy always
played until his death
all hodges friends become more curious
since they are all addicted to video
games
they don't believe the game has anything
to do with the nerdy guy's death
so they are deeply attracted and decide
to play this game together in hodges
house later
hodge also invites the blonde girl abby
to join the game
the one he just met during the funeral
since his boss is also obsessed with
playing games
hodge also invites him to join their
team they all enter the game
and soon find out its differences the
animation for the game intro is not able
to be skipped
and there is a narration before the
animation which could be run fast or
slow
according to their reading speed after
the oration
the system warns them that once the game
starts there is no return button
all of these are so frightening and
scary
taking the duad manor as the background
a game tells the story of a countess
who killed so many innocent girls and
turned into an evil spirit after her
death
the task for each player is to survive
the hunting from the evil countess
they choose their favorite avatars and
starts the game soon
hodge goes first to explore the path but
triggers the ground to tremble by
accident
meanwhile the room the team stay in
reality also starts to tremble slightly
after hodge kills an evil spirit they
receive a rose
which could dispel evil spirits then
this team enjoy their slaughtering of
evil spirits
after separating with other team members
during playing the avatar of hodge's
boss goes into a tunnel alone
and finds a place similar to a torture
house where reside numerous evil spirits
finding himself surrounded by so many
evil spirits
the boss throws out the rose trying to
dispel them
but it's too difficult to handle so many
evil spirits by himself
he becomes panicked and is jabbed by the
coming red dress countess
in reality the boss is in terror and
feels like it's real
after the boss's death in the game the
team decides to quit the game
since it's getting late in the meantime
the boss is about to leave the office
but notices the door of his office keeps
opening automatically
although he confirms it's already locked
by himself
he's horrified by that when it starts to
show lightning and thundering outside
he sees a weird shadow showing up in the
corridor which looks just like the red
dress countess
as he returns to close the office door
one more time he sees the dropped mouse
and is about to pick it up from the
ground the red dress countess appears
right in front of him
the boss reams out but only gets stabbed
in the throat by a sword
the next day when hodge goes to the
office he learns of the boss's death
from the policeman in their company
in shock he goes for a check and finds
his boss died
exactly the same way as his avatar in
the game
after all the tragedies that happened to
the nerdy guy and his boss
hodge falls into huge depression and
horror toward the evil game
but the detective doesn't want to take
it seriously and tries to calm him down
believing that it's just a coincidence
later hodge learns from the bartender
girl
that she seemingly saw the count of
shadows staggering by the window
hodges is turned even more anxious by
that so he searches the investigation
files online
regarding the death of the nerdy guy
from which he finds again the way the
nerdy guy died
is still exactly the same as how he died
in the game
realizing the danger and curse of the
game hodge then shares the files with
the team right away
everybody is startled by that in the
meantime the bartender's brother
one of the team members is going out
shopping
as the sunny day is covered with heavy
mist instantly a mysterious little girl
shows up out of nowhere in front of his
car
causing him to swerve off the road to
avoid hitting on her
after that he can't restart the engine
gets off the car to check around
and calls for help and anxiety while
he's waiting for the aid
an old carriage rushes out from the
mists and runs him over
killing him immediately a bartender girl
cries with big sorrow for her brother's
death hodge later finds out the brother
died in the game at the same time
was also knocked over by a carriage the
detective shows up again
but still believes it has nothing to do
with the game
right then the detective's assistant
shows his interest in the game
and starts to play hodge tries to stop
him
but it's too late the assistant a game
newbie however
dies very soon after the game begins
noticing this haunting game is getting
out of control they decide to look for
more clues
the assistant tries to get some
information from local game stores
but no one knows anything about it when
the assistant is on his way back to the
police station
his head is crushed by a huge iron
tongue the same way as how his avatar
died in the game
meanwhile hodge and abby come to the
nerdy guy's house
trying to find more clues of his death
hodge discover some information about
the game developer
so they set out to check the address
they found but the bartender girl has a
different idea
since she has found some clues from a
book telling how to kill an evil spirit
she tells hodge about that on the phone
then she learns from the tv news
that the detective's assistant is dead
and what's worse
hodge and their friends are all listed
as the most wanted people
with the siren hooting the police
approach near their house
so the bartender girl and her friend
escape from the window
to avoid being arrested hodge decides to
meet others first
and discusses how to get out the trouble
later
when hodge and abby arrive at the
friend's house a bartender girl is
smoking outside
and they notice her avatar starting to
move in the game
hodge blames her for playing the game
alone without listening to him
but the friend tells him that she
actually didn't touch the game and the
laptop just turns on by itself
in panic they rush to look for the
bartender girl but she's already in real
trouble
the count counter suddenly appears in
the room where she stays for her smoking
with the method taught from the book she
tries to nail the countess to death
however when taking up the nail gun she
realizes what she saw now
is just a phantom then the counter shows
up suddenly behind her
chains her neck from the back and hangs
her upside down
the other three arrived there the moment
they hear the bartender girl screams
but it's still too late her throat has
been cut off
hodge regrets it a lot and falls into a
rage
he decides to find the countess's flesh
and put an end to the tragedies once for
all
after learning how the game plays the
bartender's friend decides to enter the
game again
and uses himself as bait to locate the
countess
while hajj and abby head out again to
the game developers accommodation
shortly after the friend realizes the
game developer resides next to the duad
manor
so he informs hajj in a hurry and
suggests he checks it for sure
moments later abby is getting upstairs
alone and discovers a secret chamber
behind a removable closet
where she sees countless files and
documents about the countess
as she is browsing the countess's diary
the lights dim suddenly
there emerges the image of the countess
meanwhile following the friends
instructions
hodges on his way to the cemetery of the
old manor and the dark tower
which is used to suppress the countess's
flesh when he
is about to get through he hears abby's
calling for help
under the friend's guide he returns and
manages to enter the chamber from
outside after seeing the countess is
going to kill abby
the friend who is still playing in the
game throws out three roses
and then the countess is dispelled hodge
arrives and saves abby
however the friend who is instructing
them outside
discovers that the countess has been
irritated because the back door of his
van is closed suddenly
causing his laptop to be locked inside
and the paused game to restart
automatically
the friend has to break the window tries
to rescue himself in the game
sensing the danger later the friend
escapes from the van
and plans to meet hajj in a panic
he gets lost and runs into a rose bush
by accident
which however prevents him from being
killed by the countess
meanwhile when hodge and abby return to
the van
and find the friend who died in the game
they think the friend is killed
in a rage they resolve to terminate the
countess and eliminate the devil
they take nails and roses with them
break into the cemetery
and enter the path leading to the dark
tower upon their entry
all sorts of evil spirits swarm to
attack them
fortunately thanks to the magic power of
rose hodge dispels an evil carriage
and flocks of rampaging evil spirits but
later
when they enter the evil torture room
abby is locked up inside
due to her hesitation trembling with
fear though
abby gives hodge a lighter to complete
the remaining mission and takes his rose
for temporary protection
she hides inside the horrible torture
room but only sees the rose withering
and terrifying surroundings
moments later abby is easily overpowered
by the countess
hung upside down crying in fear and
despair
on the other side hodge finally reaches
the top floor of the tower
where he finds the flesh of the countess
finally
hodge nails her forehead and her body
immediately
because of that the countess phantom
disappears from the torture room
which spares the suffering abby when
hodge thinks he's accomplished the final
mission
the countess stands up with all nails on
her flesh pushed out to the ground
in a panic hodge lights up the flesh
immediately and rolls into the corner
right away to avoid the flames
right then abby and the friend get hodge
out of the dark tower
and flee out of that place later much to
their surprise
the game stay alive is approved and
launched into the market
indicating that numerous new players
will be trapped in the game
and the curse of the evil countess will
be attached to these players soon
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out